Release Plan - CMPS 115 ? Software Methodology
Supreme Committee ? Release 12/5/13 ? Text Adventure Alpha ? Revision 3
11/8/13

High level goals:
1) One basic playable map. Essentially the ability to start a game, move around, and
perform basic interactions with the world.
2) Goal one implicitly includes creating a working parser, game class, and input file
format.
3) Design how our GUI will look and decide exactly what framework/tools to use to
build it. A working one is not necessary at this stage but would make
demonstration easier/prettier if time allows.
4) Testing all of the above to make sure we can continue building on it
5) Creating a title, logo, and website.

User stories for release:
Sprint 1
(5) As both a player and a game designer, I want a standard input file format so that I can
easily create maps/levels quickly.
(21) As a game designer, I want a parser so that I can load and test different maps.
(8) As a developer, a game class allows us to do basic game logic and connect the other
components.
(3) As a video game player, I want a GUI so that I can visualize what is happening and
interact with the game more easily.
(1) As a game player, I want a title and logo so that I can easily recognize the game, have
brand loyalty, and have a name I can use to recommend it to everyone I know.
(5) As a game developer, I want to be able to define my own variables in order to
customize how the user interacts with my game.

Sprint 2
(5) As both a developer and player I want an extensive manual/documentation to
troubleshoot issues, allow for modification, and have a basic introduction on how to play
the game.
(2) As a game developer, I want to extend the features/actions supported by our variables
in order to allow for greater customization.
(8) As a game player I want to be able to save my games so that I can come back to it at
any time.
(8) As a game player, I want a polished GUI that makes interaction with the game
intuitive and easy.
(11) As a product owner, I want a sample game so I can demonstrate the product.

Sprint 3
(13) As a developer I want extensive testing for my game in order to eliminate bugs and
get suggestions/feedback on what needs improvement.
(13)As a developer, I want to add more features to the parser so it is easier to use and more complete.
(8)As a developer and player, I want improved manuals and documentation for the game.
(5) As a game player, I want pretty images for icons, buttons, maps, etc, and a generally polished GUI so that I can enjoy the visual appearance of the game while I play.
(1) As a game player, I want my game to have background music so that I am immersed
in the game world and affected by the game emotionally.


Product backlog:
We expect that several of our sprint 3 goals will end up going into the backlog by the
next couple sprint plans. The map creation tool in particular is almost an entirely new
project in terms of work. However our group decided we should aim high and leave them
in sprint 3 in the hope that we stay ahead of schedule the whole quarter.